feat!: nuking private token (#2822)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/dev_docs/getting_started/sandbox.md

<Image img={require("/img/sandbox.png")} />

:::info

> To start anvil in a fork mode set `FORK_URL` and `FORK_BLOCK_NUMBER` environment variables before running the script.

Reviewer: Just to be pedantic I think we should show example of how.

  "version": "1.0.0",
  "description": "My first token contract",
  "main": "index.js",

>   "author": "1000x Dev",

Reviewer: @PhilWindle 😎

    rollupAddress: EthAddress {
      buffer: <Buffer cf 7e d3 ac ca 5a 46 7e 9e 70 4c 70 3e 8d 87 f6 34 fb 0f c9>
    },
    client: 'pxe@#include_aztec_short_version'',

>     compatibleNargoVersion: '#include_noir_version'

Reviewer: Should some of the underlying print not be altered as well? From the `initial 1000000` wording seems to be the old one.

  token Bob's balance 0 +33ms
```

> In this section, we created a second instance of the `TokenContract` contract abstraction pertaining to Bob. This contract abstraction offers a Typescript interface reflecting the abi of the contract. We then call `getBalance()` as a `view` method. View methods can be thought as read-only. No transaction is submitted as a result but a user's state can be queried.

Reviewer: `getBalance()` don't exist on `TokenContract`, should be `balance_of_private` or `balance_of_public`.

```suggestion
In this section, we created a second instance of the `TokenContract` contract abstraction pertaining to Bob. This contract abstraction offers a Typescript interface reflecting the abi of the contract. We then call `balance_of_private()` as a `view` method. View methods can be thought as read-only. No transaction is submitted as a result but a user's state can be queried.
```

    rollupAddress: EthAddress {
      buffer: <Buffer cf 7e d3 ac ca 5a 46 7e 9e 70 4c 70 3e 8d 87 f6 34 fb 0f c9>
    },
    client: 'pxe@#include_aztec_short_version'',

>     compatibleNargoVersion: '#include_noir_version'

Reviewer: Similar stuff here, below seems to be stale.

    rollupAddress: EthAddress {
      buffer: <Buffer cf 7e d3 ac ca 5a 46 7e 9e 70 4c 70 3e 8d 87 f6 34 fb 0f c9>
    },
    client: 'pxe@#include_aztec_short_version'',

>     compatibleNargoVersion: '#include_noir_version'

Reviewer: The below output should be reconsidered as the earlier ones. Might be out of data.

  }
  token Creating accounts using schnorr signers... +3ms

>   token Created Alice's account at 0x1509b252...0027 +10s

Reviewer: GH would not let me mark it, but at line 368 you also have "private token contract".
